Datomic Free Edition License

THE WORK (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS PROVIDED UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE
("LICENSE"). THE WORK ISÂ PROTECTED BY COPYRIGHT AND/OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW.
ANY USE OF THE WORK OTHER THAN AS AUTHORIZEDÂ UNDER THIS LICENSE OR COPYRIGHT
LAW IS PROHIBITED.

BY EXERCISING ANY RIGHTS TO THE WORK PROVIDED HERE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE
BOUND BY THE TERMSÂ OF THIS LICENSE. TO THE EXTENT THIS LICENSE MAY BE
CONSIDERED TO BE A CONTRACT, THE LICENSORÂ GRANTS YOU THE RIGHTS CONTAINED HERE
IN CONSIDERATION OF YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH TERMS ANDÂ CONDITIONS.

1. Definitions

âApplicationâ means any work that makes use of an interface provided by the
Work, but which isÂ not otherwise based on the Work. Defining a subclass of a
class defined by the Work is deemed aÂ mode of using an interface provided by
the Work.

A âCombined Workâ is a work produced by combining or linking an Application
with the Work.

"Derivative Work" means a work, whether in Source or Object form, based upon
the Work or upon theÂ Work and other pre-existing works in which the Work may
be recast, transformed, or adapted. AnyÂ work, whether in Source or Object
form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for whichÂ the editorial
revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a
whole,Â an original work of authorship is a âDerivative Workâ. For the
purposes of this License,Â Derivative Works shall not include Combined Works.

"Licensor" meansÂ Cognitect, Inc., a Delaware Corporation, which offers
theÂ Work under the terms of this License.

"Original Author" meansÂ Cognitect, Inc., a Delaware Corporation.

"Work" means the copyrightable work of authorship offered under the terms of
this License, theÂ Datomic Free Edition binary software.

"You" means an individual or entity exercising rights under this License who
has not previouslyÂ violated the terms of this License with respect to the
Work, or who has received expressÂ permission from the Licensor to exercise
rights under this License despite a previous violation.

2. Fair Use Rights. â¨Â 

Nothing in this license is intended to reduce, limit, or restrict anyÂ rights
arising from fair use, first sale or other limitations on the exclusive rights
of theÂ copyright owner under copyright law or other applicable laws.

3. License Grant. â¨Â 

Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, Licensor hereby
grantsÂ You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, perpetual (for the
duration of the applicableÂ copyright) license to exercise the rights in the
Work as stated below:

(a) to reproduce the Work, to incorporate the Work into one or more Combined
Works, (b) and toÂ reproduce the Work as incorporated in the Combined Works;
(c) to distribute copies of the WorkÂ including as incorporated in Combined
Works.

The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or
hereafterÂ devised. The above rights include the right to make such
modifications as are technicallyÂ necessary to exercise the rights in other
media and formats, but otherwise you have no rights toÂ make Derivative Works.
All rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved.

4. Restrictions.

The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and
limitedÂ by the following restrictions:

Â (a) You may distribute the Work only under the terms of this License, and You
must include aÂ copy of, this License with every copy of the Work You
distribute. You must keep intact allÂ notices that refer to this License and to
the disclaimer of warranties. When You distribute theÂ Work You may not impose
any technological measures on the Work that restrict the ability of
aÂ recipient of the Work from You to exercise of the rights granted to that
recipient under theÂ terms of the License. This Section 4(a) applies to the
Work as incorporated in a Combined Work,Â but this does not require the
Combined Work apart from the Work itself to be made subject to theÂ terms of
this License. If You create a Combined Work, upon notice from any Licensor You
must, toÂ the extent practicable, remove from the Combined Work any credit as
required by Section 4(b), asÂ requested.

(b) If You distribute the Work (as defined in Section 1 above) or any Combined
Works (as definedÂ in Section 1 above), You must, unless a request has been
made pursuant to Section 4(a), keepÂ intact all copyright notices for the Work
and provide, reasonable to the medium or means You areÂ utilizing: (i) the name
of the Original Author (or pseudonym, if applicable) if supplied, and/orÂ (ii)
if the Original Author and/or Licensor designate another party or parties (e.g.
a sponsorÂ institute, publishing entity, journal) for attribution ("Attribution
Parties") in Licensor'sÂ copyright notice, terms of service or by other
reasonable means, the name of such party orÂ parties; the title of the Work if
supplied; to the extent reasonably practicable, the UniformÂ Resource
Identifier, if any, that Licensor specifies to be associated with the Work,
unless suchÂ URI does not refer to the copyright notice or licensing
information for the Work. The creditÂ required by this Section 4(b) may be
implemented in any reasonable manner; provided, however,Â that in the case of a
Combined Work, at a minimum such credit will appear, if a credit for
allÂ contributing authors of the Combined Work appears, then as part of these
credits and in a mannerÂ at least as prominent as the credits for the other
contributing authors. For the avoidance ofÂ doubt, You may only use the credit
required by this Section for the purpose of attribution in theÂ manner set out
above and, by exercising Your rights under this License, You may not implicitly
orÂ explicitly assert or imply any connection with, sponsorship or endorsement
by the OriginalÂ Author, Licensor and/or Attribution Parties, as appropriate,
of You or Your use of the Work,Â without the separate, express prior written
permission of the Original Author, Licensor and/orÂ Attribution Parties.

5. Representations, Warranties and Disclaimer

UNLESS OTHERWISE MUTUALLY AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING, LICENSOR OFFERS
THE WORK AS-IS ANDÂ ONLY TO THE EXTENT OF ANY RIGHTS HELD IN THE LICENSED WORK
BY THE LICENSOR. THE LICENSOR MAKES NOÂ REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND CONCERNING THE WORK, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY ORÂ OTHERWISE, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MARKETABILITY,
MERCHANTIBILITY,Â FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE
ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS,Â ACCURACY, OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF
ERRORS, WHETHER OR NOT DISCOVERABLE. SOME JURISDICTIONSÂ DO NOT ALLOW THE
EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SUCH EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

6. Limitation on Liability.â¨Â 

EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILLÂ LICENSOR BE
LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING DIRECT,
INDIRECT,Â SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE ORÂ THE USE OF or inability to use THE WORK
(including but not limited to damages for loss ofÂ goodwill, work stoppage,
computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damagesÂ or
losses), EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

7. Termination

This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically upon
any breach by YouÂ of the terms of this License. Individuals or entities who
have received Combined Works (asÂ defined in Section 1 above) from You under
this License, however, will not have their licensesÂ terminated provided such
individuals or entities remain in full compliance with those licenses.Sections
1, 2, 5, 6, 7, and 8 will survive any termination of this License.

Subject to the above terms and conditions, the license granted here is
perpetual (for theÂ duration of the applicable copyright in the Work).
Notwithstanding the above, Licensor reservesÂ the right to release the Work
under different license terms or to stop distributing the Work atÂ any time;
provided, however that any such election will not serve to withdraw this
License (orÂ any other license that has been, or is required to be, granted
under the terms of this License),Â and this License will continue in full force
and effect unless terminated as stated above.

8. Miscellaneous

Each time You distribute or publicly digitally perform the Work (as defined in
Section 1 above)Â or a Combined Work (as defined in Section 1 above), the
Licensor offers to the recipient aÂ license to the Work on the same terms and
conditions as the license granted to You under thisÂ License.

If any provision of this License is invalid or unenforceable under applicable
law, it shall notÂ affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of
the terms of this License, and withoutÂ further action by the parties to this
agreement, such provision shall be reformed to the minimumÂ extent necessary to
make such provision valid and enforceable. No term or provision of
thisÂ License shall be deemed waived and no breach consented to unless such
waiver or consent shall beÂ in writing and signed by the party to be charged
with such waiver or consent.

This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect
to the WorkÂ licensed here. There are no understandings, agreements or
representations with respect to theÂ Work not specified here. Licensor shall
not be bound by any additional provisions that may appearÂ in any communication
from You. This License may not be modified without the mutual
writtenÂ agreement of the Licensor and You.

